Add audio follows video to readme (#81)
millicast/vue-viewer-plugin: README.md

| `showLabels`   | `Boolean`        | Optional  | `true`              | Show stream label in multiview mode.                                                                 |
| `environment`  | `Object`         | Optional  | `.env file content` | Plugin environment. See [Environment options](#environment-options) on how to configure.             |
| `mainLabel`    | `String`         | Optional  |                     | Allows to change the label of the main video.                                                        |

> | `audioFollowsVideo`| `Boolean`    | Optional  | `false`             |   Where you want to select a video source and have the audio switch to match the video.              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `audioFollowsVideo`| `Boolean`    | Optional  | `false`             | Allows automatically switching the audio to the one associated with the selected video source.       |
```
